Astro 8/31 release notes (#1115)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.4.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## August 31, 2022

> ### Export Airflow metrics to Datadog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Export Airflow Deployment metrics to Datadog
```

> You can now export metrics about a Deployment's Airflow environment to Datadog through an Astronomer-supported integration. After you configure this feature, your Deployment exports all available metrics to Datadog as described in the [Datadog documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/airflow/?tab=host#data-collected).

Reviewer: See previous edit recommendations.

> You can now export metrics about a Deployment's Airflow environment to Datadog through an Astronomer-supported integration. After you configure this feature, your Deployment exports all available metrics to Datadog as described in the [Datadog documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/airflow/?tab=host#data-collected).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Astronomer-supported integration now allows you to export Airflow Deployment metrics to Datadog. After you configure this feature, your Deployment exports all available metrics to Datadog. For more information about the type of metrics you can export, see the [Datadog documentation](https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/airflow/?tab=host#data-collected).
```
